Feat  user guide revision (#80)
ImperialCollegeLondon/icl-rcs-user-guide: docs/hpc/index.md

In contrast, an example of multi-node processing is weather simulations. XXX

To learn more in-depth knowledge on the topic, check out the [official web Imperial page on the topic](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/admin-services/ict/self-service/research-support/rcs/service-offering/hpc/) that can be accessed from the [main RCS website](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/admin-services/ict/self-service/research-support/rcs/).

## What HPC services are provided by the RCS?

Imperial offers a variety of HPC facilities, covering AI workloads, high throughput use-cases, and having a capability machine available for more advanced users. Of course, there is also a facility in place for new users to safely explore HPC for the first time.

To learn a bit more about the specific systems and what hardware they run on, check out the [HPC Clusters Specification](../cluster-specification.md) documentation.

## Registering for access

> You must have a full Imperial account and be registered with the HPC service before you can use it. Please visit the [Get Access](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/admin-services/ict/self-service/research-support/rcs/get-access/) page on the main RCS web pages for information on how to register to use the HPC service. You will also need some experience with using the Linux Operating system and shell scripting before you use the HPC service; please see the [Using Linux](../support/using-linux/index.md) page for advice on where you can gain experience, including details on an appropriate course provided by the [Graduate School](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/students/academic-support/graduate-school/professional-development/doctoral-students/research-computing-data-science/courses/) at Imperial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must have a full Imperial account and be registered with the HPC service before you can use it. Please visit the [Get Access](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/admin-services/ict/self-service/research-support/rcs/get-access/) page on the main RCS web pages for information on how to register to use the HPC service. You will also need some experience with using the Linux Operating system and shell scripting before you use the HPC service; please see the [Using Linux](../support/using-linux/index.md) page for advice on where you can gain experience, including details on an appropriate course provided by the [Early Career Researcher Institute](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/early-career-researcher-institute/learning-and-development/courses-by-programme/research-computing-and-data-science/) at Imperial.
```

> We recommend all users (regardless of your prior experience with HPC) the review the [Getting Started](./getting-started/index.md) page before trying to use the facility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend all users (regardless of your prior experience with HPC) review the [Getting Started](./getting-started/index.md) page before trying to use the facility.
```
